# KOBSearch

The KOBSearch is a search service that a user will directly interact with. That means, basically, a user can enter a search criteria and will be returned a list of matches based on the criteria. Here the database will contain informations, regarding the association as well as the members of the association, that they have provided during registration. 

For example, an association (eg. Teachers Association) will have to provide details, like what the association is about, when it came into being, names of office bearers, lisence or registration numbers, location of its office etc, during the registration of the association with KOB VON network; so that whenever a citizen searches for this association, they get all these informations. The citizen may also search for a particular person (eg. a teacher) whose identity is verified as belonging to this association. So this result should provide the user with details (like the subject of the teacher, educational qualifications, experience, school that she serves etc).

Other specific use cases can be listed as:
-	A citizen can search for a doctor or for a lawyer, to confirm or verify his identity. The search result would help the citizen to know more about the qualification and experience of the doctor or lawyer; even gain more insight into the informations, like specialization field, name of the hospital or court where he works etc. This is made possible because the doctor would be issued a digital identity by an  issuing association like IMA that is registered with KOB. And in case of lawyers the association will be the Bar Council of India (Kochi High Court chapter). So this digital identity would serve as a digital proof for the citizen to confirm that the respective practitioner is genuine. Only those details that  the presenter wishes to diplay to the verifier will be displayed during the search.

-	A citizen can search for an association like Trade unions in the city of Kochi. The search should return a list of trade unions operating in the city. The user can select one among the search results, so that he will be displayed a lot more information about what he is looking for. Each of the search result will be different in its own means. A specific trade union search result may contain details like : a brief description, year founded, lisence number, list of office bearers, details of office location etc.
